who is this who comes from Edom with
who is this who comes from Edom with dyed garments from Basra this one who is
dyed garments from Basra this one who is
dyed garments from Basra this one who is glorious in his apparel traveling in the
glorious in his apparel traveling in the
glorious in his apparel traveling in the greatness of his strength I who speak in
greatness of his strength I who speak in
greatness of his strength I who speak in righteousness mighty to save
righteousness mighty to save
righteousness mighty to save why is your apparel red and your
why is your apparel red and your
why is your apparel red and your garments like one who treads in the
garments like one who treads in the
garments like one who treads in the winepress I have trodden the winepress
winepress I have trodden the winepress
winepress I have trodden the winepress alone and from the peoples no one was
alone and from the peoples no one was
alone and from the peoples no one was with me for I have trodden them in my
with me for I have trodden them in my
with me for I have trodden them in my anger and trampled them in my fury their
anger and trampled them in my fury their
anger and trampled them in my fury their blood is sprinkled upon my garments and
blood is sprinkled upon my garments and
blood is sprinkled upon my garments and I have stained all my robes for the day
I have stained all my robes for the day
I have stained all my robes for the day of vengeance is in my heart and the year
of vengeance is in my heart and the year
of vengeance is in my heart and the year of my redeemed has come I looked but
of my redeemed has come I looked but
of my redeemed has come I looked but there was no one to help and I wondered
there was no one to help and I wondered
there was no one to help and I wondered that there was no one to uphold
that there was no one to uphold
that there was no one to uphold therefore my own arm brought salvation
therefore my own arm brought salvation
therefore my own arm brought salvation for me and my own fury it sustained me I
for me and my own fury it sustained me I
for me and my own fury it sustained me I have trodden down the people's in my
have trodden down the people's in my
have trodden down the people's in my anger made them drunk in my fury and
anger made them drunk in my fury and
anger made them drunk in my fury and brought down their strength to the earth
brought down their strength to the earth
brought down their strength to the earth I will mention the loving kindness of
I will mention the loving kindness of
I will mention the loving kindness of the Lord and the praises of the Lord
the Lord and the praises of the Lord
the Lord and the praises of the Lord according to all that the Lord has
according to all that the Lord has
according to all that the Lord has bestowed on us and the great goodness
bestowed on us and the great goodness
bestowed on us and the great goodness toward the house of Israel which he has
toward the house of Israel which he has
toward the house of Israel which he has bestowed on them according to his
bestowed on them according to his
bestowed on them according to his mercies according to the multitude of
mercies according to the multitude of
mercies according to the multitude of his loving-kindness for he said surely
his loving-kindness for he said surely
his loving-kindness for he said surely they are my people children who will not
they are my people children who will not
they are my people children who will not lie so he became their Savior in all
lie so he became their Savior in all
lie so he became their Savior in all their affliction he was afflicted and
their affliction he was afflicted and
their affliction he was afflicted and the angel of his presence saved them in
the angel of his presence saved them in
the angel of his presence saved them in his love and in his pity he redeemed
his love and in his pity he redeemed
his love and in his pity he redeemed them and he bore them and carried them
them and he bore them and carried them
them and he bore them and carried them all the days of old but they rebelled
all the days of old but they rebelled
all the days of old but they rebelled and grieved his holy spirit so he turned
and grieved his holy spirit so he turned
and grieved his holy spirit so he turned himself against them as an enemy and he
himself against them as an enemy and he
himself against them as an enemy and he fought against them then he remembered
fought against them then he remembered
fought against them then he remembered the days of old Moses and his people say
the days of old Moses and his people say
the days of old Moses and his people say where is he who brought them up out of
where is he who brought them up out of
where is he who brought them up out of the sea with the shepherd of his flock
the sea with the shepherd of his flock
the sea with the shepherd of his flock where is he who put his holy spirit
where is he who put his holy spirit
where is he who put his holy spirit within them who led them by the right
within them who led them by the right
within them who led them by the right hand of Moses with his glorious arm
hand of Moses with his glorious arm
hand of Moses with his glorious arm dividing the water before them to make
dividing the water before them to make
dividing the water before them to make for himself an everlasting name who led
for himself an everlasting name who led
for himself an everlasting name who led them through the deep as a horse in the
them through the deep as a horse in the
them through the deep as a horse in the wilderness that they might not stumble
wilderness that they might not stumble
wilderness that they might not stumble as a beast goes down into the valley and
as a beast goes down into the valley and
as a beast goes down into the valley and the Spirit of the Lord causes him to
the Spirit of the Lord causes him to
the Spirit of the Lord causes him to rest so you led your people to make
rest so you led your people to make
rest so you led your people to make yourself a glorious name look down from
yourself a glorious name look down from
yourself a glorious name look down from heaven and see from your habitation holy
heaven and see from your habitation holy
heaven and see from your habitation holy and glorious where are your zeal and
and glorious where are your zeal and
and glorious where are your zeal and your strength the yearning of your heart
your strength the yearning of your heart
your strength the yearning of your heart and your mercies toward me are they
and your mercies toward me are they
and your mercies toward me are they restrained doubtless you are our Father
restrained doubtless you are our Father
restrained doubtless you are our Father though Abraham was ignorant of us and
though Abraham was ignorant of us and
though Abraham was ignorant of us and Israel does not acknowledge us you O
Israel does not acknowledge us you O
Israel does not acknowledge us you O Lord are our Father our Redeemer from
Lord are our Father our Redeemer from
Lord are our Father our Redeemer from everlasting is your name o Lord why have
everlasting is your name o Lord why have
everlasting is your name o Lord why have you made us stray from your ways and
you made us stray from your ways and
you made us stray from your ways and hardened our heart from your fear return
hardened our heart from your fear return
hardened our heart from your fear return for your servants sake the tribes of
for your servants sake the tribes of
for your servants sake the tribes of your inheritance your holy people have
your inheritance your holy people have
your inheritance your holy people have possessed it but a little while our
possessed it but a little while our
possessed it but a little while our adversaries have trodden down your
adversaries have trodden down your
adversaries have trodden down your sanctuary we have become like those of
sanctuary we have become like those of
sanctuary we have become like those of old over whom you never ruled those who
old over whom you never ruled those who
old over whom you never ruled those who were never called by your name